Grandpa grandpa grandpa
How could this be?
You killed my grandfather
I'm going to kill you!
Miss Qi Miss Qi Miss Qi
All right, all right.
These seven old men are too sick
The friend of the tiger and the wolf is powerless to return to the sky
Xiaowen let him go
Please save my grandfather
How about sincerity?
The three conditions for my previous answer
Doing what you say is not enough
Mr. Ye, as long as you can save my grandfather
I would like to be your maid
Ask for money
That's more like it.
This poison is a good thing
West out of the main poison
It should be able to let the deity break through
I should be helpless as soon as I arrive at the aristocratic family
It's up to you unless you have the ability to bring the dead back to life
old thing
Look good.
It's on fire, it's on fire
Grandpa, you are awake, grandpa, grandpa
Amazing.
This pulse is strong like a strong thought
The blood is surging like a million horses galloping
How is this possible?
ah
Another heartbreaker
Now is the time to keep your promise
Xiaoyong, I really didn't see you
It's really a real person, so the ghost voice is unpredictable.
This Zhao family is related to the five elders of Great Xia
I'm afraid so
It seems that you are going back on your word
Xiao Huan will accept it as soon as he sees it.
We can't make it difficult to protect together.
The Qi family are all good people who love the country and the people
That's right, let this Qi family give us a few hundred million
We can have a good life
What do you mean?
kid
Don't think you can do whatever you want with food and clothing
Who said that I, Ye Huan, can only order medical skills?
Do whatever you want?
What I, Ye Huan, want in my life is to do whatever I want